hey everybody welcome back syndrome lamb
please minding Wesleyan triple plus
let's get going to save files to go I
don't think so
how are you doing my cat why do you have
some weird stuff on your face cool you
wouldn't okay keep it runs let's go
here's the seed HR 21 okay 11 let's go
mom's knife right off the bed now I
recognize this a lot of triple-shot moms
knife happening in a pretty short amount
of time both of those shots were
ruthless
either way um it's a lot of triple shot
moms knife happening happening in a
short amount of time but that's the way
the cookie crumbles when you're doing a
keeper run we random the keeper is
effectively all bets are off so half of
the keeper is getting good
well let's say 1/3 of the keeper is
having a good set of luck you know
getting good items another third is
properly using the Wooden Nickel as
often as possible and using it on a room
instead of after a room and then the
other part of the keeper is your actual
play so now that we have this and by
this I mean mom's knife what we are
looking for predominantly is a swallow
penny we should just gone to the shop
it's free but we're looking for
swallowed penny or nun's habit something
along those lines and we're looking for
a speed upgrade if we could finagle that
I'd be a happy camper so here's how you
do this good stuff should pop it there's
no reason not to
we're getting it back anyway yeah speed
upgrade is on the list there's no doubt
about it we're going to get enough money
to go to our shop as well we'll just
leave one penny on the ground just in
case
there we go 15 cents I don't know if
there's speed upgrades that you can buy
on the shop but let's go check and see
what they got to begin with nuns have it
huge actually genuinely huge gives us
two plays before we really have to worry
and a Joker card is not that bad that's
not going to be a secret room but it's
also not that good the way I would in an
ideal world the way you use the Joker
card is the keeper is - well you can
teleport on a room after you get hit and
maybe save yourself but ideally create
deals with the angel and then you can
get value out of them there I don't
think the Goathead or contract from
below are worth taking but there is a
temptation there admittedly if we had go
dead nine lives I'd be over in a
heartbeat but in our present situation
no such luck so you can't really go to
the curse room even with the Joker
teleporting because we need the extra we
need to guarantee basically and the only
thing we wanted I hear a small rock but
small rock may also constitute a speed
downgrade so we've got to be cautious
the last thing we're doing here is
getting our item room see what we got
speed upgrade please that is an actual
speed downgrade you could be forgiven
for thinking that's the right call but
you would be incorrect I'm going to take
Ethan's blessing because it's a tears
upgrade which with moms knife means I
can stand further away from enemies
without incurring the same level of risk
that I normally would face so I'm going
to try okay we spent a bomb for nothing
could be worse has been worse and we'll
find our secret room our secret room
contains pills feels like I'm walking on
sunshine
I can see forever and the Joker card is
better let's get out of here leaving a
penny behind that's basically your
relevant real how you doing buddy you're
gonna be my keeper good luck charm so
far so good here we're going to pop this
right off the bat and I'm completely
content to get the sensor I believe this
damages enemys that fall into its area
of effect which is actually extremely
useful because enemies that rush us down
could be a big problem so I am not at
all sweating this pick up we're still
you have to be very overpowered to feel
super confident on a keeper run the big
deal now with nine lives is the fact
that we could still pick up sorry the
big deal right now with nun's habit is
the fact we could still pick up
something like nine lives and nine lives
even if it left us with 1 hp pretty good
apparently sensor is only slowing
effects but honestly that's still pretty
great I'm not going to kick it out here
for eating crackers you know what I mean
that was like the very slightest move to
get that but it worked out regardless
just don't accidentally walk into damage
that's important don't use your knife to
blow up a barrel accidentally without
you paying attention
and apart from that just keep doing what
you're doing if you know might strike
you the moms knife triple shot is a
little bit of a boring keeper run if I
could live my whole life of keeper runs
in a boring fashion that leads to wins I
would do so no questions asked so a
keeper run is all about survival I think
we should take petrified poop I don't
mind using keys that like means zero
problems for me right now
petrified poop is more money more money
is potentially more HP so nasty bosses
might get walking on sunshine hmm that's
unthinkable in my opinion we should
probably use walking on sunshine it's
like a get-out-of-jail-free card okay so
you do take this thing experimental
treatment health down speed down is
horrible here but every everything else
went up which was fine and then we also
got
our health back but yeah this this
creates a problem 0.65 speed so
occasionally goes up to 0.95 thanks to
skinny odd mushroom or you know maybe
many much but one of the liberty cap
payouts but still obviously this is a
slightly you know wonky situation that
we got to deal with here but we got some
time to get out of here and I think I
would do that again it does suck that
experimental treatment paid out with a
speed downgrade there's no way that we
could have known it but we could have
inferred that that was a chance and to
be honest with you the thought didn't
even really cross my mind so now it's up
to us to get out of it it's also up to
us to actually use wooden nickels
appropriately we don't have a choice
so we'll take Remo baby which is fine
but not anything too exciting and you
know what we'll take spider-man as well
I don't see a compelling reason not to
accept that it is going to spend money
but hopefully we're going to be rich in
money regardless eventually or we're
going to continue to have enough at the
very least Lux debt is at zero I'm not
sure if you need luck to get better
payouts I think it's 5050 always on
wooden nickels so it's going to keep
rolling as is right now and feeling
relatively content we're going to be so
far ahead of schedule by the way getting
good luck on these payouts
like we're probably going to be out of
this floor before 10 minutes which is
three minutes ahead of schedule now
really that's what happens when you have
mom's knife as your first item room
that's a pretty great get and I mean we
can get a lot of bombs out of it but
does that actually matter for us right
now it could but I like that
occasionally we get speed upgrades
admittedly we do occasionally get speed
down grades as well but you know you got
to take the good with the bad I suppose
and we're out of this floor sadly
without having gotten anything for our
speed downs but we do have mom's legs
and thankfully the ability to slow
enemies that get too close to us so
hopefully we have the wave of power to
stop this we got ways to get ourselves
extra HP we also have a feels like I'm
walking on sunshine we can use that to
get out of a particular Jam but it is
dicey ish 100% deal with the devil
chance though at least for now see how
you kind of got stuck between a rock and
a hard place there much better
library yeah is going to say it seemed a
little too close to the spawn so you
start by grabbing the Bible here this is
good we're gonna get bookworm which
shouldn't lower our rate of fire speed
uphill maybe see if we can get an
orbital thanks to using that got a try
infested we still in my opinion have to
roll Wooden Nickel but that was a really
good use of two keys
I don't mind occasionally we should
shoot out five knives instead of three
we should also more than occasionally
consider you know using the Wooden
Nickel I'm kind of harping on it here
but for good reason there you go get
back in the saddle and remember reason
to use Wooden Nickel is not too slowly
accrue money that's just a nice side
benefit reason you use it as to leave
you with HP on a room that you might
take damage on we have petrified poop we
should be shooting poop on the regular
as well dude the sensor might actually
be a top-tier item for us right now it
was it was you show me a secret room
Beckham you might have been showing me a
secret room you were showing me a secret
room for flies dude I'm not against it
that's actually okay and I did see a
little bit of mapping there we should
fight war here that's going to be enough
for our shop it wasn't already yeah we
should fight war here thank you for the
keys this might be a preventive
opportunity for us to use feels like I'm
walking on sunshine but we're not going
to need to okay so we got a deal with
the devil we don't want any of that
that's unfortunate I don't want a deal
with the devil
unless it's nine lives I want to deal
with the angel because we can afford to
actually take it
these guys are hell on a low speed run
so lucky us um it's probably the wrong
way to go but we're so far ahead of
schedule that it doesn't matter maybe it
is the right way to go it loops back
around in a super weird way so in spite
of 0.65 speed we haven't taken damage in
a long long time this is obviously not
super good for us but again life
continues to go on this is good and we
got to see get here to a heart's not
worth anything pay to play might
occasionally give us a tour sorry well
in this case it is HP but give us money
after we get hit is that is there any
semblance of truth to that jarrah flies
is not good enough I didn't mean to buy
two of hearts necessarily but trying to
find something here that's worth
grabbing you know oh dude thank you
that's so huge I don't mind using our
bombs here this is fine the present
blank card feels like I'm walking on
sunshine I think you just take present
and just use it okay if it's actually
terrible let's get out of here dude so
we're about to have the opportunity to
go to boss Russia to the keeper
something I have not wanted to do
consciously in a long time however if
the situation is right I'm going to run
all night I'm going to run to you that's
what Bryan Adams said and honestly that
Canadian pop prince has a good head on
his shoulders I'm going to consider it
but it'll have to be you know the game
is going to have to meet me more than
halfway ie where the heck is my speed
upgrade
I ordered it 25 minutes ago some of us
have places to be today
and my place I intend to be is not in
oncoming traffic with you know enemies
bearing down on me that I can't
managed to get the heck around so the
black rune is lovely but not an
appropriate choice for our deal with the
not an appropriate choice for boss rush
necessarily so of course I did damage to
myself it's the only thing that makes
sense in this crazy mixed-up world not
an appropriate choice for boss rush
because it forces us to fight the
enemies after we suck up the items would
have been a really really good
opportunity for nine lives so be it you
know what maybe that's the damage that
we took right there that's going to
bring us around that's going to be the
galvanizing like loss that your team
takes in week 14 and then you go I don't
know you know this could sunder them but
instead it brings them together and they
win the flippin Super Bowl as a result
you know that's what we're gunning for
right now bad use of the Wooden Nickel
but we're not going to get hit on this
room
no consumable drops how do we get to
three luck oh because we found the
really really perfect shop this is
awesome proptosis base if not basically
literally doubled our damage so not
saying that that means we are going to
fights boss rush because I think that
that honestly doesn't damage was not our
issue we were still killing enemies
really fast killing them faster is good
where applicable but it's not the end
but we still need speed you know what
nine-volt doesn't actually do anything
for us but for seven cents just seems
like the right call but i feel like it
actually does nothing because it doesn't
give us a charge on the room does it
like while we're doing it it doesn't
slowly recharge oh it does slowly
recharge it's just very very slow dude
come on
you know you want to give me that nine
lives well it's a big moment for us take
polaroid see we get mined holy mantle
tears up bombs I mean the mind is good
we could probably make this work
and it would be hilarious but I think
you know let's not look a gift horse in
the mouth here they've given us a great
run we should just try to make the most
of it at this point so we know that our
bosses are going to be north it doesn't
tell us that much because sometimes you
got to go south to get north it's not
going to be this way
and this is where it all comes down I
got to be honest with you this is
probably it feels to me right now like
this is the easiest keeper run I've ever
had and proptosis mom's knife will
probably do that for you but it's up to
us to not squander it because it would
just be that much more bitter if it all
came crashing down you know shouldn't
have picked that up
just nice knowing there's a coin there
for peace of mind helps you avoid
getting tilted I think we do have a
secret room I guess it just flies away
I'm only doing this because I want to
hit the other button but God dang and
okay please let me out of here you know
you're extremely rude if it's only
adjacent on these two sides then we're
just going to go now we skip the boss
rush because we're babies we will have a
chance to do hush again if you could
find it in your heart to give me nine
lives I would honestly consider giving
it the old college try it's a penny in
here somewhere but I don't really care
but without nine lives it just is non
justifiable which is a great name for a
Justin Timberlake solo album but not a
great situation to be in necessarily
yards we have a penny yes important
because our range is not superb but then
we just killed them all in one hit
anyway just hold it together this runs
good play good play this runs all about
focus right now is what I was just going
to say thank God we picked up literally
every single coin I've ever generated
because now we have to walk all the way
back here but we got out of it that's
what matters there is a coin back here
irrelevant but okay
so we've lost our get-out-of-jail-free
card in the form of feels like I'm
walking on sunshine that is a little bit
of a safety net that disappeared for us
I got the utmost faith that we can
survive in spite of that it's really
just a setback you know what you call a
get-out-of-jail-free card you didn't use
wasted space in your inventory dude so
honestly we should be thankful for the
opportunity to actually get oh come on
actually get some value out of it
I said oh come on not because the runs
being unfair but like with 0.65 speed on
the womb - you're going to make me go
all the way around here in order to get
to the boss fight I know where the boss
fight is you're just being ridiculous
well if it takes another six rooms and
takes another six rooms regular chest
again I mean it could be valuable but
we're kind of getting to the point where
I will always have an excuse for why I
don't pick up a consumable that's one of
the things apparently you need to either
know about me but in this case I think
we've got a better excuse than usual
0.65 speed is like straight up are you
kidding me levels oh he's done it
caffeine pill 0.95 speed occasionally
0.85 depending on what mushroom again
actually feels like a blessing the
mushrooms are coming from Liberty Cap by
the way in case you're confused angel
room seraphim not bad without getting a
payout I'm not going to fight the angel
statue let's just move on
Seraphim is just fine it's not
remarkably transformative it's just
pretty great but their waffles the speed
upgrade in the form of caffeine pill is
all-important
and honestly apart from the womb where
we just had that slightly awkward
situation come up we haven't really been
close to death on many occasions here I
will say that in spite of the situation
that we found ourselves with right now
with caffeine pill coming through in the
clutch still use a speed upgrade 0.95
speed was 0.85 speed occasionally and
1.25 speed occasionally but I'm less
concern about rooms in which I have good
speed and much more concerned about the
rooms in which I have terrible speed we
could still use a little bit now that's
what the chest is for you know filling
in the gaps hopefully but you know
earlier on this run I said you know
there's three parts to a good keeper run
how you use the let me just deal with
this room how you use the Wooden Nickel
as part of it how you play as part of it
and then the quality of the run is part
of it this is like 80% quality of run
there's a certain element of luck you
really want to get Wooden Nickel payouts
on bossfights because you know
occasionally you can have a brain fart
like that leaves you in a compromised
position made it back thankfully and we
can still lose this one on like a double
gate room I think it's plausible or a
double adversary you can even get like
triple adversaries so we actually just
cannot take the shears for one but we
can't take Taurus Taurus it's just too
risky if we get a bunch of free speed
upgrades then I'm actually going to be
thrilled that we have it but without
those no such luck so that's nun's habit
coming through in the clutch for us
there thank you very much
leave some coins behind because this is
like we're in this we're 20 minutes on
the chest
that's an amazing position to be in on a
keeper run don't botch it leach is great
no we don't care about the lifesteal
basically at all flies would be nice I
suppose because I already killed our
chance of the virus but what we do care
about is not getting hit and at least
can kill enemies before they can get to
us even better that's important okay so
we do have a nine lives potential here
[Music]
two coins that's no problem
get this guy first he's got to go and
then you got we did get nine lives do
you take it well this room so risky I
mean we should what I want to see like
the reason I haven't taken it yet is
because if we can just get an HP upgrade
from another room then nine lives
becomes a no-brainer but there is a case
to be made that maybe this late in the
game to HP is better than nine lives
it's not just me trying to be contrarian
to be honestly this is an HP chance
right here nine lives might be worse
than one life with two HP I don't know
it it does spread out the risk and
that's worth something look at that shot
I think we're probably going to win
either way but admittedly it's kind of
tough moon card is a
get-out-of-jail-free assuming we don't
teleport into a into a greed fight that
immediately shoots us which could happen
but hopefully wouldn't if we win this
run is being dedicated to the sensor
honestly
the fact that every tear that gets close
to us gets slowed down has never been
more useful for me than right now on a
run where you know if anything touches
us my blood pressure spikes by like 40
points systolic or diastolic tells me
fuck yeah we'll follow your guidelines
those who too high
that's a Rage Against the Machine I
think were going to try it with two HP
if we get to pay out immediately
we actually just win if we don't get it
immediately
we probably win see that's not great
that's I mean I don't even know at this
point why mess with it but also that's
hilarious
we didn't get the payoff if you get a
hit just teleport if you get hit early
at least
the strange keeper run dude we're going
to win dude that was a killer run
nothing I can't do it I can't I know
it's no balls but I can't do it because
there's no way there's no successful way
out of a keeper delirium run I can't do
it it's burning me up inside I promise
you even nine lives is not enough
the keeper just tell it frags you too
much also my blood pressure spiked five
hundred points I know I squandered the
goodwill at the end but for now thanks
for watching I hope you enjoyed the
episode if you did click the like button
how's that a great deal and of course
subscribe if you want to see more in the
future for now though thanks for
watching and I'll see you next time